---
title: "dataproc/WARN/2024_001"
linkTitle: "WARN/2024_001"
weight: 1
type: docs
description: >
  HDFS NameNode Safemode is disabled.
---

**Product**: [Cloud Dataproc](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc)\
**Rule class**: WARN - Something that is possibly wrong

### Description

When HDFS NameNode [Safemode](https://hadoop.apache.org/docs/current/hadoop-project-dist/hadoop-hdfs/HdfsUserGuide.html#Safemode) is enabled,
the HDFS filesystem is in read-only mode and no changes are allowed.

The NameNode enters the Safemode due to different reasons:
- The DataNode(s) did not send the block report to the NameNode.
- Not enough space in the NameNode directory specified in `dfs.namenode.resource.du.reserved`.
- Not enough memory in the NameNode to load the FsImage and EditLog.
- Unavailable HDFS blocks due to Datanode(s) down.
- Corrupted HDFS blocks.
- A user manually enabled the Safemode.


### Remediation
Check the current Safemode status, use the following command from the Master node:
`hdfs dfsadmin -safemode get`.

If Safemode is OFF, HDFS is working as expected.

If Safemode is ON:
- Inspect the NameNode logs to understand the cause.
- Check the HDFS filesystem status by running the following command from the Master node: `hdfs fsck /`.
- Check HDFS related metrics such as `dataproc.googleapis.com/cluster/hdfs/unhealthy_blocks` and `dataproc.googleapis.com/cluster/hdfs/storage_utilization`.

After the cause has been identified and fixed, i.e. the NameNode and all the HDFS DataNodes and blocks are healthy (`hdfs dfsadmin -report`), leave the Safemode using the following command: `hdfs dfsadmin -safemode leave`.
