---
title: "bigquery/ERR/2023_006"
linkTitle: "ERR/2023_006"
weight: 1
type: docs
description: >
  Dataset not found during copy table operation
---

**Product**: [BigQuery](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery)\
**Rule class**: ERR - Something that is very likely to be wrong

### Description

While trying to copy a table, either the destination or source dataset was not found.
This could be due to a few things.
  - When you copy a table, the name of the destination table must adhere to the same naming conventions as when you create a table.
  - Table copies are subject to BigQuery limits on copy jobs.
  - The Google Cloud console supports copying only one table at a time. You cannot overwrite an existing table in the destination dataset. The table must have a unique name in the destination dataset.
  - Copying multiple source tables into a destination table is not supported by the Google Cloud console.
  - When copying multiple source tables to a destination table using the API, bq command-line tool, or the client libraries, all source tables must have identical schemas, including any partitioning or clustering.
  - The time that BigQuery takes to copy tables might vary significantly across different runs because the underlying storage is managed dynamically.
  - You cannot copy and append a source table to a destination table that has more columns than the source table, and the additional columns have default values. Instead, you can run INSERT destination_table SELECT * FROM source_table to copy over the data.
  - When copying tables, the destination dataset must reside in the same location as the dataset containing the table being copied. For example, you cannot copy a table from an EU-based dataset and write it to a US-based dataset.

### Remediation
  When copying a table make sure that the destination table is in the same region as the source table.
  if you want to copy cross-region we recommend to copy a dataset cross region.
  Make sure the source and destination datasets exist.

### Further information
- [Read more about the best practices for copying a table](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/managing-tables#copy-table)
- [Read more about the best practices for copying a dataset](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/copying-datasets)
