---
title: "gke/ERR/2023_011"
linkTitle: "ERR/2023_011"
weight: 1
type: docs
description: >
  GKE Metadata Server isn't reporting errors for pod IP not found
---

**Product**: [Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine)\
**Rule class**: ERR - Something that is very likely to be wrong

### Description

The gke-metadata-server DaemonSet uses pod IP addresses to match client
requests to Kubernetes Service Accounts. Pod IP not found errors may indicate
a misconfiguration or a workload that is not compatible with GKE Workload Identity.

You can use the following Cloud Logging filter to find errors in the GKE Metadata Server logs:

```
resource.type="k8s_container"
log_id("stderr")
resource.labels.container_name="gke-metadata-server"
severity=ERROR
```

Examples from **gke-metadata-server --component-version=0.4.276**:
> [conn-id:bc54e859ac0e7269] Unable to find pod: generic::not_found: retry budget exhausted (50 attempts): ip "169.254.123.2" not recorded in the snapshot
>
> [conn-id:bc54e859ac0e7269 rpc-id:29b6f8cbdbdaafb5] Caller is not authenticated

Older example from **gke-metadata-server --component-version=0.4.275**:
> [ip:172.17.0.2 pod:/ rpc-id:387a551d4b506f31] Failed to find Workload Identity configuration for pod: while retrieving pod from cache: pod "" not found

Note: **172.17.0.0/16** and **169.254.123.0/24** are the default ranges used by the Docker daemon for container networking.

### Remediation

One known cause of these errors is use of the deprecated legacy logging agent on [COS GKE Nodes](https://cloud.google.com/container-optimized-os/docs/how-to/logging) via project metadata `google-logging-enabled=true` without `google-logging-use-fluentbit=true` which was introduced in COS Milestone 105. Enabling the fluent-bit agent will automatically update all existing nodes and prevent them from generating pod not found error messages. In [COS Milestone 109](https://cloud.google.com/container-optimized-os/docs/concepts/versioning) the fluent-bit agent will become the default when enabling logging via project metadata.

Another cause could be docker-in-docker pods (often used by CI/CD systems to build containers) running with `hostNetwork: true` or other docker based VM agents running outside Kubernetes. If you identify a workload that is not compatible with the GKE Metadata Server, you can [create a nodepool](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/container/node-pools/create#--workload-metadata) with `--workload-metadata=GCE_METADATA` and use [taints/tolerations](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/node-taints) to specify where the workload should run.

### Further information

See [Workload Identity docs](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/workload-identity) for more restrictions and alternatives.
