---
title: "composer/WARN/2023_005"
linkTitle: "WARN/2023_005"
weight: 1
type: docs
description: >
  Cloud Composer is consistently in healthy state
---

**Product**: [Cloud Composer](https://cloud.google.com/composer)\
**Rule class**: WARN - Something that is possibly wrong

### Description

Cloud Composer runs a liveness DAG named airflow_monitoring, which runs on a
schedule and reports environment health. If the liveness DAG run finishes
successfully, the health status is True, which means healthy. Otherwise, the
health status is False. Note that the environment health could be intermittently
unhealthy due to events like scheduled maintenances. However, overall it should
be healthy.

### Remediation

The environment health metric depends on a Composer-managed DAG named
airflow_monitoring that is triggered periodically by the airflow-monitoring pod.
If the DAG isn't deleted and doesn't report failures in the Airflow UI, check
the airflow-monitoring logs to see if there are any problems related to reading
the DAG's run statuses.

Otherwise, you can check if there was a maintenance operation aligned with the
unhealthy time frame from the [monitoring dashboard](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/composer-2/use-monitoring-dashboard#environment-overview).
Note that maintenance operations happen during the configured maintenance
window. If your current maintenance window does not fit to your business
requirements, please consider changing it.

### Further information

- [Monitor environments with Cloud Monitoring](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/composer-2/monitor-environments#environment-health)
- [Specify maintenance windows](https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/composer-2/specify-maintenance-windows)
