---
title: "gke/BP/2021_002"
linkTitle: "BP/2021_002"
weight: 1
type: docs
description: >
  Google Groups for RBAC enabled.
---

**Product**: [Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine)\
**Rule class**: BP - Best practice, opinionated recommendation

### Description

IAM and Kubernetes RBAC work together to help manage access to your cluster.
RBAC controls access on a cluster and namespace level, while IAM works on the
project level. An entity must have sufficient permissions at either level to
work with resources in your cluster.

Previously, you could only grant roles to Google Cloud user accounts or IAM
service accounts. Google Groups for RBAC enables you to grant roles to the
members of a group in Google Groups for Business. With this mechanism, the
users and groups themselves are maintained by your Google Workspace administrators,
completely outside of Kubernetes or Cloud Console, so your cluster administrators
do not need detailed information about your users. Another benefit is integration
with your existing user account management practices, such as revoking access
when someone leaves your organization.

### Remediation

Create a Google Group in your domain, named gke-security-groups@YOUR_DOMAIN. The group
must be named exactly gke-security-groups. Make sure the gke-security-groups group has
the "View Members" permission for "Group Members".

Create groups, if they do not already exist, that represent groups of users or groups
who should have different permissions on your clusters. Each group must have the
"View Members" permission for "Group Members".

Add these groups (not users) to the membership of gke-security-groups@YOUR_DOMAIN.

Then configure your cluster to Google Groups for RBAC, using your
gke-security-groups@YOUR_DOMAIN group.

### Further information

- [GKE Access Control](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/access-control)
- [How to enable Google Groups for RBAC](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/role-based-access-control#google-groups-for-gke)
- [GKE Support](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/getting-support)
